DOM - Document Object Model
DOM Manipulation

What does a URI do?
When you do fetch, and there's a URL, that whole thing is a URI (domain, http, query, query parameters). Has to match a path from the server.

Authorization vs authentication
authorization is permissions you have
authentication is verifying you are who you are


Components of HTTP Request:
	HTTP Method
	URI
	Request Body
Components of HTTP Response:
	Response Header
	Response body
	HTTP Version

What is HATEOAS?
	has something to do with REST
	Concept: Information about the API
			You can navigate the API with this information
	All the info you'd wanna know in an API, like what methods can i use
	Documentation of the API in code

Difference between SOAP and REST
SOAP is incompatible with, compatible with XML
REST plain text, XML, and JSON

WSDL?
Web Service Definition Language

Element vs Attribute
Attribute can be changed with CSS, while element can't

CSS Selectors?
Describe what you're looking to change
	*
	p{}
	#id
	.class
	
Class vs ID?
Class can be used for multiple elements, where ID is for one. They're both attributes

Different tags can be styled in the same grouping

how to select a child element
	use the greater than (>)symbol

what are media queries?
	use to make website more responsive, 
	set to 980 means that it will only display that way up to, but not over that 	resolution
	Main concept is to have the website fit any size screen for a cleaner interface

What makes up an HTML document?
Head, Body, and HTML tag

What are meta tags for, and where do they go?
Used to describe the language or style of the page
set it to UTF-8, ASCII, SCO
giving search engines something to look for
make viewport responsive with viewport attribute in the meta tag
used to describe metadata in the page

What is semantic UI and why is it important?
Using the appropriate tag for the right purpose
You should use the <button> tag for a button, not other tags

3 main CSS types?
inline, internal, external, (embedded)

Center a div?
margin:auto

What is a self-closing tag?
Image, br

Javascript

Native data types?
undefined, number, null, string, boolean

null is empty, undefined is referring to a nonexistent thing, undeclared is an empty variable

Javascript has dynamic types, what is coersion?
Makes up what it is. let number = 4 (dynamic)
When you force something to be something else, weakly typed language
Const cant be coersed to a new data
coersion means i can change it data type without saying it

What type of language is Javascript?
Functional language, c# is object oriented
Doesn't rely on class structure, programs are made based on functions, not objects

Generally, you wouldn't make classes in javascript

Namespaces are a thing in JS, what are the differences between a function declaration, expression?
Expression would be an anonymous function with no name attached to it.
Set expression to a variable
Declaration: function, name, parameter

A function declaration is loaded first, then the function expression

How can styles or classes be changed using Javascript?
Document.getElementById() (DOM Manipulation)

Prototypes and prototypal inheritance
What is a prototype?
A prototype is the construction of an object that shares attributes and methods with other objects

'this' can be used in classes and objects.

Fetch is an asynchronous, returns a promise from the request is sent
Fetch is URL, method, Header, Verb, Body. fetch returns promise, where response is handled. (then(response))