--Angular--

CLI commands to generate components and services
ng (g)enerate (c)omponent name 
ng (g)enerate (s)ervice name

When you start the angular application, what is the entry point of it, and where does it start?
Bootstrap

What is a template?
HTML files which render the component. Each component must have its own template

How to inject a template into a view?
You normally do this with routing. Depending on a route, the router will inject the template associated with a specific component

Is it mamndatory to export every component?
Yes, or else you can't use it

What is Angular?
A front end framework made with TypeScript consisting of Components(dynamic views), single paged applications with routing modules(different sections/layers), and services for HTTP Manipulation DOM (Document Object Model) with Databinding

What is a decorator?
Similar to Annotations in Java, these are used to hold Angular metadata. They can be attached to classes, meethods, and properties to povide additional behavior at runtime.
@NgModule: used for dependencies and declarations
@Input
@Injectable
@Pipe

What is a Module?
A layer of your application used to make the application more modular. It serves as a collection of services, directives, controllers, filters, and configurations. These are defined with the @NgModule decorator, and the metadata tell Angular how to run the application. It can be used for Routing, HTTP, and Forms.

How do I create a module?
ng generate module modName

How do I include a Module into my application?
Import and put in app declarations

What is a component?
Object that controls a view and consists of templates, which are mandatory. Use @Components on the top of the class
Contains:
	Selector - Defines the HTML tag (component directive)
	Template URL - loction of the template
	stylesURL: []

How do I create a component, and what does it receive?
ng (g)enerate (c)omponent componentName:
The life cycle is as follows:
	Create
	Render
	Create + Render Children
	Databound properties change
	Destroy

What is a Directive? Which are the types?
Directives: used to manipulate the DOM
Types:
	Structural - Used to add or remove DOM elements
	ngFor, *ngIf, ngSwitch
Attribute:
	Modifies attributes of DOM element
	ngStyles, ngClass, component as well

What is Routing?
Used to implement single-paged applications, allowing you tonavigate through different components dynamically through injected views

How do I inject an object into another object?
Make the component injectable with @Injectable

What is Data Binding
The automatic synchronization of data between the omdel and view components

What is a Pipe?
Let you declare display-value transformations in your template URL

What is Observable?
Provides support for passing messages between publishers and subscribers in your application

Publisher vs. Subscriber
Publisher: Creates an observable interface that defines a subscriber function
Subscriber: Defines how to obtain or generate values or message to be published

Angular vs AngularJS
Language: (A)TypeScripts, (AJS)JavaScript
Controllers: (AJS) Uses Controllers, (A) Replaced with Components
Life Cycles: (A) Components have their own lifecycle. (AJS) No-lifeCycle
Databinding: (A)Interpolation, Event, Property and 2-Way. (AJS) Interpolation and Data-Binding
Directives: (A) Camel case, fewer directives. (AJS)Hyphen, for every event you had a directive.
MVC: (A)Has no specific design pattern. (AJS) Follows the MVC architecture strictly

What is TypeScript?
Programming language that transpiles into Java EcmaScript 2. It contains access modifiers, classes, interfaces, Unit testing through Jasmine, and Decorators

Access Modifiers in TypeScript?
Public(default); protected, private

TypeScript data types?
Boolean, Number, String, Array, Tuple, Enum, Any, Void, Null, Undefined, Never